1. The Challenge is rerolled after the
previous Quest is completed or failed.
(Note: If the Quest has failed the Player
can choose to try again instead of rerolling)

2. The Player may use what ever Items
and Armor he wants, unless the Challenge
states otherwise.

3. As there are some harder Challenges, this
Randomizer is mainly ment for solo use or 
together with friends.

4. The Challenge 'Dull Weapon' prohibits
the use of the Whetstone or Whetfishscales

5. The Challenge 'YOLO' means that the Player 
has to abandon the Quest after the first faint,
no matter how many faints are technically allowed.
In Multiplayer, the Player either has to either 
abandon or wait in the Camp, he may not help any 
further in the Hunt.

6. The Challenge 'No Dodging' prohibits
the Player from dodge rolling and diving.
(Overall use of X or B Button and Spacebar)
The Player may still avoid attacks via spacing
or blocking, if the weapon allows it.

7. The Challenge 'Bombs only' and 'Palico only'
prohibit the Use of Weapons to directly attack
the Monster, instead they may only be used as
a way to set of the Barrel Bombs or as a means
of support for the Palico (Hunting Horn Buff/
Demon Ammo and etc.)

8. The Challenge 'No Items' prohibits the use
of all Items, except for Hot/Cold Drinks,
Palico Gadgets and Specialized Tools.

9. The Challenge 'Survivor' prohibits the
Player from taking any Items with him, upon
starting the Quest, however the Player may
gather Resources to craft Items.
 
10. In the Challenge 'You are, what you Hunt',
the Player must use, both Weapon and Armor made
out of the assigned Monster. In case this is
the Players first hunt of said Monster, you
may not us Armor and a Weapon of the Ore Weapon
Tree. 

11. In the Challenge 'Like in the old Days', the
Player must stand still while using items, can't
do Sliding-Attacks and can't use the Specialized 
Tools, like back in the Days of MH Tri or similar.
 
12. In the Challenge 'Two Monsters', the
Player must take a Quest containing both
Monsters, if no such Quest is availabe, the Player
can only hunt the first one to succeed.
